Add ConfigInterface (#108)
yiisoft/config: CHANGELOG.md

# Yii Config Change Log

## 1.1.0 under development

> - Add #108 Add `Yiisoft\Config\ConfigInterface` to allow custom implementations of a config loader (devanych)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New #108: Add `Yiisoft\Config\ConfigInterface` to allow custom implementations of a config loader (devanych)
```

> - Add #108 Add the `Yiisoft\Config\ConfigInterface` to the possibility of implementing a config loader (devanych)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add #108 Add `Yiisoft\Config\ConfigInterface` to allow custom implementations of a config loader (devanych)
```
